# ~/.acidwmrc

[options]
java_workaround       = 1
move_step             = 30
resize_step           = 30
; pixmap_border         = 0
border_width          = 4
focus_color           = #87CEEB
unfocus_color         = slate gray
sloppy_focus          = 0
cursor_position       = 0
center_new_windows    = 1

[keybinds]
move_up               = Mod1+k
move_down             = Mod1+j
move_left             = Mod1+h
move_right            = Mod1+l
resize_grow_height    = Mod1+Shift+j
resize_grow_width     = Mod1+Shift+l
resize_shrink_height  = Mod1+Shift+k
resize_shrink_width   = Mod1+Shift+h
resize_grow_both      = Mod1+Ctrl+j
resize_shrink_both    = Mod1+Ctrl+k
cycle_next            = Mod1+Tab
cycle_prev            = Mod1+Shift+Tab
teleport_center       = Mod1+s
teleport_top_left     = Mod1+y
teleport_top_right    = Mod1+u
teleport_bottom_left  = Mod1+b
teleport_bottom_right = Mod1+n
maximize_half_left    = Mod1+Shift+y
maximize_half_right   = Mod1+Shift+u
maximize_half_bottom  = Mod1+Shift+b
maximize_half_top     = Mod1+Shift+n
fullscreen            = Mod1+x
maximize_vert         = Mod1+m
maximize_horz         = Mod1+Shift+m
kill_win              = Mod1+q
prior_workspace       = Mod1+grave
prev_workspace        = Mod1+bracketleft
next_workspace        = Mod1+bracketright
restart               = Mod1+Shift+r
quit                  = Mod1+Shift+e

; exec[urxvt]           = Mod1+t
terminal1             = Mod1+Return
browser               = Mod1+w
browser2              = Mod1+e
launcher              = Mod1+space

# vi: ft=dosini
